# Folders


<pre>
├───.idea
├───Config
├───Content
├───Platforms
├───Plugins
└───Source
</pre>

[return to README](README.md)

## .idea
Editor generated files;

## Config
In-Engine Settings; Can be modified through toggles and dropdowns in-engine.

## Content
Assets used in the Engine; This is also the "Content" folder in the engine filebrowser.
All files whose content is not part of the [used assets](README.md#UsedAssets) contain custom logic and configurations.
Some of the assets are inspired by tutorials or resources. All of those resources used directly as tutorials or inspiration
are listed under the [Combat](README.md#Combat), [AI](README.md#AI), [Effects](README.md#FX) or [Various Topics](README.md#Varia) sections of the references depending on the subject.

## Platforms
Auto generated engine content;

## Plugins
Third party plugins relevant for the basic functionality of the game; Currently contains only the GenericGraph plugin from the [GenericGraph github](https://github.com/jinyuliao/GenericGraph/tree/master) as stated in the [references](README.md#UsedAssets).

## Source
All files concerning user added functionality using C++; This is also the "C++" folder in the engine
filebrowser. The .cs files are automatically generated by UE5 as a list of the modules used in compilation.
While as all .h and .cpp files contain custom logic and setup. As such all files contained in this folder
can be assumed to be content created by Raffael Scagnetti when not explicitly stated otherwise. 
An exception are the files located unter Source/MAProject/Private/Utility/Tools/pcg-cpp.
These are downloaded form the [pcg-cpp github](https://github.com/imneme/pcg-cpp) as mentioned in the [references](README.md#UsedAssets).
